do you think I just want to talk about
the fixed mindset yeah because I've had
other people sit here and say look
you're either an entrepreneur or you're
not Gary ve who I consider a a dear
friend of mine it's ironic because we
are aggressively opposed on this even
though I see eye to eye with him on so
much I don't think anyone is born
anything so I think that you have
natural inclinations so there are things
you're going to get early wins on yeah
so Gary clearly got early wins from an
entrepreneurial standpoint and so it
just made sense to him to go take the
flowers and sell them back and I totally
the apex predator one Reon and one Reon
only we adapt better than any other
species once you begin to realize that
the human animal is an adaptation
machine that What Makes Us great is our
ability to put ourselves under stress
and then physically and mentally adapt
to that then it's like okay what are my
goals and now what are my goals demand
of me and then you work backwards to
identify the skill set that you need to
acquire